About the job
Ways of Working: Employees will come to the office twice or thrice a week at their base location and work remotely for the remaining days.



Role: Lead - Marketing | Food Revenue & Growth Team



About the Role

As part of the Brand Marketing team in the Swiggy Food Revenue & Growth team, you will drive and execute integrated marketing campaigns that directly impact business growth. You will work across brand, performance, media, creative, product, and revenue teams to build and execute full-funnel campaigns - from strategy to launch to optimization.

This is a hands-on role for someone who enjoys solving business problems through marketing, thrives in a fast-paced environment, and is excited to work across multiple channels.



What You’ll Do

Execute 360° marketing campaigns across ATL, BTL and digital channels.
Support go-to-market (GTM) planning and campaign launches for key business initiatives.
Collaborate with creative agencies, media partners, and cross-functional teams to bring campaigns to life.
Manage campaign timelines, budgets, and execution across multiple stakeholders.
Monitor campaign performance, derive insights, and optimize based on data.


Who We’re Looking For

2+ years of marketing experience, preferably in consumer internet, e-commerce, FMCG, agency, or startup environments.
Preferably based in Bangalore
Experience working on integrated marketing campaigns across ATL, BTL, digital channels and influencer marketing.
Understanding of performance media & social media 
Strong project management skills with the ability to manage multiple campaigns simultaneously.
Comfortable working with data to measure campaign performance and identify opportunities for optimization.
Strong communication and stakeholder management skills.
Someone who enjoys balancing creative thinking with analytical problem-solving.


Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in any discipline.
2+ years of relevant marketing experience.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office or Google Workspace (Excel/Sheets and PowerPoint/Slides preferred).


Attributes

Proactive and results-driven.
Adaptable with strong leadership and collaboration abilities.
A strategic thinker with a growth mindset and passion for marketing innovation.


"We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by the law."